Default to Cloud URL in client constructor (#37)
axiomhq/axiom-py: README.md

## Usage

### Cloud Example
```py
import os
import axiom

access_token = os.getenv("AXIOM_TOKEN")

# needed only when using Axiom cloud, otherwise set to None
org_id = os.getenv("AXIOM_ORG_ID")

client = axiom.Client(access_token, org_id)

# Ingest into a dataset
print(client.datasets.ingest("foobar", [{"foo": "bar"}]))
```

> ### Non Cloud Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Self-Host Example
```

```py
import os
import axiom

> # needed only for non cloud deployments, otherwise the url is automatically set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# needed only for self-host deployments, otherwise the url is automatically set
```
